0.51.0 upstream release (#1585)
packit/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.51.0

- You no longer need to create a `metadata` section in a job configuration. All
  the metadata-specific configuration values can now be placed on the same level as

>   the job definition. (#1569)

Author: Better wording is welcome

> - You no longer need to create a `metadata` section in a job configuration. All
>   the metadata-specific configuration values can now be placed on the same level as
>   the job definition. (#1569)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We have decided to deprecate `metadata` section for job configurations. All
  metadata-specific configuration values can be placed on the same level as the job
  definition. For now we are in a backward-compatible period, please move your settings
  from the `metadata` section. (#1569)
```
